### _**Some people think that space exploration is a waste of resources, while others think that it’s essential for mankind to continue to explore the universe in which we live. Discuss both views and give your opinion**_


It is often claimed that the exploration of outer space is an unnecessary expenditure, whereas others believe it is crucial for humanity to further investigate the cosmos we inhabit. Although , there are some opinions about explore space is so waste of resources , I believe that its benefits for humanity in the not far future

It must be acknowledged that space exploration could be criticized  because of some restricts that related to financial burden and resource relocation. Firstly, the conditions for exploring the outer of space have to pay high expenditures cause pressure on the budget of government. This is because to advantage facilitate for exploring cosmos so it requires tremendous thousand billion to spent on development, facilities , research . As a result , national budget become severely strained, and take a toll on the other public services. Moreover, there are still many urgent problems that should be more prioritized than space exploration programs. The reason is that vast resources is potentially reallocated to tackle pressing issues such as poverty, medical care and education , inherently direct impact on the life of numerous individuals

Nonetheless, I believe firmly the certain concerns are dominated by essential profits that exploring space bring to mankind. Space research leads to crucial scientific discoveries and advanced social technology. In fact, It is too hard to travel and explore space with outdated technologies. Therefore, we would have to offer novel and innovative solutions to create cutting-edge technologies, accordingly , they bring practical application encompass GPS , satellites to forecast weather , advanced medical equipment,  those which help improve the daily life of individuals. In addition, space discover help us address demand of survival as well as seek backup planet for us in the future. Currently , the earth is facing grave threats include climate changes overpopulation , nature disaster. Thus, humankind develop alternative living options and novel resource to make sure the long-term survival of us 

